the director's whistle now arrives
of competition and it is the cremonese to beat the
kick-off of this challenge
jumps to the head of cases is not that comes up
of him viscounts the ball tip on
right on the bottom series of fake touches
back to the plate for ambrosini
maybe a touch of the number 6 hand
caraccio and then marione gomez's goal
for the one to zero public exalted the
public present here at the carlo bene
long ball of brehme jumps head
bruscato still casoli smashed
in front of the neto the left neto
very good the purple goalkeeper
pizarro borja valero left right i
aic impressive postponed again for
borja the right to turn pole and then
joaquín even trying to jump
inside, this one has no luck bruscato
once it touches for pugs it comes out great
and neto still decisive reiterates
sorted ordered the same stream but
the Florentine starts from gomez with
great elegance takes the ball away with
the outside serves joaquín all quality the
Florentine now on that band
joaquín with ease touches in for
borja valero does not pull the opening for the
you have and is the goal of 2 to 0 to Emilia
etc
we intervene immediately on the board
electronic the rapper ambrosini touch of
heel again please enter the area
gasic unloads the right and great goal from
part of ahmed and gazzi then yes
kneels and thanks
of the Florentine today I can see
roncaglia in for left gomez goal
beautiful guys playstation stuff
with a monstrous simplicity bags the
4 to 0 and this is mario gomez
the attacker bought by the Florentine
bremec part the left pepito speaks a
side and goalkeeper not from the other but still
in the middle and then goal by giuseppe rossi
the third friend the attention that is
ball inside yakovenko with a scheme
also studied by the trainer of the
inactive and organic balls and this comes
ball in the middle yakovenko comes out of
chest puts in the goal of 6 to 0 82
enne and alberto orzan 246 presences and 3
purple knit nets from 54 to 63 and
pay attention to the surprise goal instead
with a lot of joy however pato
long lance just for cuadrado changes
step cuadrado finds the bottom line
manages to keep this word in the field
he does not pull back instead for pepito
reds that cold so cock every day
better better
I learn so much every day and I still think
two three months I can give
an interview an interview in Italian
very well that we see a little tried
from the game it was a match
intense it was absolutely not
maybe a friendly one
if it's only 45 minutes for all the
mister said we had to go
we all have to show what we have
made workouts
I think we have seen that we have
need time again but also that
something works works
already work I've seen that you have
also tried the movements you have
tested this morning together with
mister
what moves the start with the ball
from behind with the two central phases
offensive tactics offensive phase
I think we don't change so much the year
last but I think after six weeks
rest break we need time
to take the strength to get out again
you also get to know new players
see we'll see in the coming weeks
which can reach up to this
Florentine
if they work it works and we work
as a team we can do much worse
we can do great things but it depends on
all
if we must we must work
we must never give up working e
to grow if we all think so
we can do beautiful things
feel the president's arrival has you
heavily loaded into the valley either
patron yes no he also did great
things still so many things about the stadium
mario gomez joaquín transfer is everything
all the staff all parents
they did a great job
I hope we can show you
this also in the mario tu tu field
speak often in German acclimatizing
I try to help him for him I think not
It's not too easy because he talks
already spanish spanish and is a little close
Italian Spanish
we have so many Spaniards then
be this in this one
team is not is not is not difficult
look we saw that the fans often
expect out you really are
welcomed very well and to their duty but
smiling yes i think we are
lucky we can all make our own
as was said ob at work
fun a hot fun one
what fun
this is fortunate we make ourselves
congratulations for the Italian because he is
learning very well but still need
time thanks